Update documentation layout (#202)
Thalhammer/jwt-cpp: docs/ssl.md

# Cryptography Libraries

> The underlying cryptography libraries describe [here](../README.md#ssl-compatibility) can be selected when configuring CMake by
> explicity setting `JWT_SSL_LIBRARY` to one of three values

Author: ```suggestion
The underlying cryptography libraries describe [here](../README.md#ssl-compatibility) can be selected when 
configuring CMake by explicitly setting `JWT_SSL_LIBRARY` to one of three values. The default is to use OpenSSL.
```

- OpenSSL
- LibreSSL
- wolfSSL

Here's an example:

```sh
cmake . -DJWT_SSL_LIBRARY:STRING=wolfSSL 
```

## Notes

JWT-CPP relies on the OpenSSL API, as a result both LibreSSL and wolfSSL need to include their respective compatability layers.

> Most system already have OpenSSL so it's important to make sure when compiling you application only the correct one is used.

Author: ```suggestion
Most system already have OpenSSL so it's important to make sure when compiling your application it only includes one. Otherwise you may have missing symbols when linking.
```
